Notes.md, before:

# Notes

## Statistics about Nix

Total number of packages loaded: 60895
Packages from files with one definition: 9623
Packages from files with multiple definition: 51189
Packages without definition path: 83
Paths with most packages
("pkgs/development/r-modules/generic-builder.nix",18287)
("pkgs/development/haskell-modules/hackage-packages.nix",14970)
("lib/attrsets.nix",2267)
("pkgs/top-level/ruby-packages.nix",1012)
("pkgs/development/perl-modules/generic/default.nix",827)
("pkgs/misc/vim-plugins/generated.nix",544)
("pkgs/development/lua-modules/generated-packages.nix",304)
("pkgs/development/lisp-modules/define-package.nix",236)
("pkgs/servers/x11/xorg/default.nix",219)
("pkgs/top-level/php-packages.nix",196)
("pkgs/build-support/trivial-builders.nix",166)
("pkgs/development/libraries/kde-frameworks/default.nix",148)
("pkgs/applications/kde/default.nix",114)
("pkgs/applications/networking/cluster/terraform-providers/default.nix",104)
("pkgs/development/libraries/aspell/dictionaries.nix",93)
("pkgs/development/libraries/hunspell/dictionaries.nix",84)
("pkgs/development/ocaml-modules/janestreet/janePackage_0_12.nix",69)
("pkgs/os-specific/linux/nvidia-x11/generic.nix",68)
("pkgs/top-level/dotnet-packages.nix",61)
("pkgs/misc/emulators/retroarch/cores.nix",59)
("pkgs/desktops/plasma-5/default.nix",45)
("pkgs/os-specific/linux/zfs/default.nix",36)
("pkgs/development/coq-modules/mathcomp/default.nix",36)
("pkgs/build-support/cc-wrapper/default.nix",33)
("pkgs/misc/uboot/default.nix",31)
("pkgs/development/libraries/qt-5/qtModule.nix",28)
("pkgs/development/coq-modules/mathcomp/extra.nix",25)
("pkgs/misc/tmux-plugins/default.nix",25)
("pkgs/os-specific/linux/kernel/manual-config.nix",25)
("pkgs/applications/science/machine-learning/torch/torch-distro.nix",23)

Commit message:

Add notes about git route drawbacks

Notes.md, after:

# Notes

## Implementation notes:

The commit route is not fruitful. Packages will point to different files for different versions.
Also there are far too many packages definied in a multi-definition file

## Statistics about Nix

Total number of packages loaded: 60895
Packages from files with one definition: 9623
Packages from files with multiple definition: 51189
Packages without definition path: 83
Paths with most packages
("pkgs/development/r-modules/generic-builder.nix",18287)
("pkgs/development/haskell-modules/hackage-packages.nix",14970)
("lib/attrsets.nix",2267)
("pkgs/top-level/ruby-packages.nix",1012)
("pkgs/development/perl-modules/generic/default.nix",827)
("pkgs/misc/vim-plugins/generated.nix",544)
("pkgs/development/lua-modules/generated-packages.nix",304)
("pkgs/development/lisp-modules/define-package.nix",236)
("pkgs/servers/x11/xorg/default.nix",219)
("pkgs/top-level/php-packages.nix",196)
("pkgs/build-support/trivial-builders.nix",166)
("pkgs/development/libraries/kde-frameworks/default.nix",148)
("pkgs/applications/kde/default.nix",114)
("pkgs/applications/networking/cluster/terraform-providers/default.nix",104)
("pkgs/development/libraries/aspell/dictionaries.nix",93)
("pkgs/development/libraries/hunspell/dictionaries.nix",84)
("pkgs/development/ocaml-modules/janestreet/janePackage_0_12.nix",69)
("pkgs/os-specific/linux/nvidia-x11/generic.nix",68)
("pkgs/top-level/dotnet-packages.nix",61)
("pkgs/misc/emulators/retroarch/cores.nix",59)
("pkgs/desktops/plasma-5/default.nix",45)
("pkgs/os-specific/linux/zfs/default.nix",36)
("pkgs/development/coq-modules/mathcomp/default.nix",36)
("pkgs/build-support/cc-wrapper/default.nix",33)
("pkgs/misc/uboot/default.nix",31)
("pkgs/development/libraries/qt-5/qtModule.nix",28)
("pkgs/development/coq-modules/mathcomp/extra.nix",25)
("pkgs/misc/tmux-plugins/default.nix",25)
("pkgs/os-specific/linux/kernel/manual-config.nix",25)
("pkgs/applications/science/machine-learning/torch/torch-distro.nix",23)
